README.md, before:

# material-ui-advanced

## About

Collection of advanced Material-UI components that can be used in your projects. Each component comes with its own source code that you can copy and paste into your project.

## Components Included

- **Nested Menu:** A component for organizing menu items into subcategories, enabling easier navigation through hierarchical menus. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/NestedMenu.tsx)

- **Debounced Input:** An input field that delays processing user input until they pause typing. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/DebouncedInput.tsx)

- **OTP Input:** A specialized input field for entering one-time passwords. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/OtpInput.tsx)

- **Input File Upload:** A file upload component that allows users to select files for upload, also supports drag-and-drop functionality. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/InputFileUpload.tsx)

- **Swipeable Tabs:** Tabs you can slide through to switch between different sections, making it easy to navigate on touchscreens. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/SwipeableTabs.tsx)

## Upcoming Components

Stay tuned for the following upcoming components:

- Stacked Snackbar
- Tagging in Text Area

Commit message:

Update README.md with source code links for advanced components and add demos

README.md, after:

# material-ui-advanced

## About

Collection of advanced Material-UI components that can be used in your projects. Each component comes with its own source code that you can copy and paste into your project.

Explore the components and view demos at [material-ui-advanced.vercel.app](https://material-ui-advanced.vercel.app/).

## Components Included

- **Nested Menu:** A component for organizing menu items into subcategories, enabling easier navigation through hierarchical menus. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/NestedMenu.tsx) [Demo](https://material-ui-advanced.vercel.app/)

- **Debounced Input:** An input field that delays processing user input until they pause typing. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/DebouncedInput.tsx) [Demo](https://material-ui-advanced.vercel.app/#debounced-input)

- **OTP Input:** A specialized input field for entering one-time passwords. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/OtpInput.tsx) [Demo](https://material-ui-advanced.vercel.app/#otp-input)

- **Input File Upload:** A file upload component that allows users to select files for upload, also supports drag-and-drop functionality. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/InputFileUpload.tsx) [Demo](https://material-ui-advanced.vercel.app/#input-file-upload)

- **Swipeable Tabs:** Tabs you can slide through to switch between different sections, making it easy to navigate on touchscreens. [Source code](https://github.com/sai6855/material-ui-advanced/blob/master/src/components/SwipeableTabs.tsx) [Demo](https://material-ui-advanced.vercel.app/#swipeable-tabs)

## Upcoming Components

Stay tuned for the following upcoming components:

- Stacked Snackbar
- Tagging in Text Area
